IA Refresh - (DOCSP-26918) [Port] Update an App (/apps/update) (#298)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/apps/update.txt

.. _import-realm-app:
.. _update-realm-app:

=============
Update an App
=============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

> You can update an existing App by making changes to its underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update an existing App by changing its underlying
```

suggestion: less wordy

> configuration and then deploying those changes. There are multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration and deploying those changes. There are multiple
```

               can discard the changes associated with it by sending a ``DELETE``
               request to the :admin-api-endpoint:`Discard a deployment draft
               <tag/deploy/operation/adminDiscardDraft>` endpoint:

               .. code-block:: shell

                  curl -X DELETE 'https://realm.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/drafts/{draftId}' \
                    -H 'Authorization: Bearer <access_token>'

         .. step:: Make Changes to Your Application

            You can configure your app and add, modify, or delete
            components by calling the Admin API endpoints for each
            operation. For examples and detailed reference information,
            see :ref:`Atlas App Services Admin API <admin-api>`.

            If you did not create a draft, every successful Admin API
            request immediately deploys the associated updates to the
            App.

            If you created a draft, every successful Admin API request
            adds the associated updates to the draft. Send requests for
            all of the changes that you want to include in the draft.

         .. step:: Deploy the Draft

>             If you created a draft, you can deploy the all changes in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If you created a draft, you can deploy all changes in
```

Needed fix:  typo

                 --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
                 --header 'Authorization: Bearer <access_token>' \

   .. tab::
      :tabid: github

      With Automatic GitHub Deployment enabled, your App always uses
      configuration files from the most recent commit in your linked
      repository. For details on how to organize and define
      configuration files, see :ref:`app-configuration`.

      Update your application by adding, modifying, and deleting
      configuration files locally.

      When you are ready to deploy your changes, commit the
      configuration files and then push them to GitHub:

      .. code-block:: sh

        git add -A
        git commit -m "<commit message>"
        git push origin <branch name>

      After you push, the GitHub integration automatically deploys an
      updated version of your App based on the configuration files in
      the latest commit.

.. _deployment-draft:

Deployment Drafts
-----------------

A deployment draft is a set of one or more updates to your App that you
can apply or discard as a single group. Deploying a draft is useful when

> your changes include services or functions that interact with eachother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your changes include services or functions that interact with each other.
```

needed fix: each other

Reviewer: Still need this fix @nlarew
